[CMake] Using option to simplify code (#10256)
KratosMultiphysics/Kratos: CMakeLists.txt

set(CMAKE_INSTALL_RPATH "$ORIGIN/../libs")

# If no test policy enable by default

> option(KRATOS_BUILD_TESTING "-- No KRATOS_BUILD_TESTING is defined. Setting to ON" ON)

Reviewer: This is not the same, the string is the name of the option, but it will now no longer issue the message

If you use it then I would improve the message

Author: In the doc only speaks about <help_text>, I don't know how it was defined

Reviewer 2: @philbucher Oh you are right

> option(KRATOS_BUILD_TESTING "-- No KRATOS_BUILD_TESTING is defined. Setting to ON" ON)

Author: ```suggestion
option(KRATOS_BUILD_TESTING "KRATOS_BUILD_TESTING defines if the C++ tests are compiled. These increases compilation time, but if not set only python tests can be executed. Default setting is ON" ON)
```
@philbucher better like this?

> option(KRATOS_BUILD_TESTING "KRATOS_BUILD_TESTING defines if the C++ tests are compiled. These increases compilation time, but if not set only python tests can be executed. Default setting is ON" ON)

Reviewer: Can you please add the message back?
I think it is important

Author: But I thought the text was informative, do you mean to check the variable and throw the message?

Reviewer: Yes

The text as is is only shown in the cmake GUI afaik
It will for sure not be issues

> option(KRATOS_BUILD_TESTING "KRATOS_BUILD_TESTING defines if the C++ tests are compiled. These increases compilation time, but if not set only python tests can be executed. Default setting is ON" ON)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
option(KRATOS_BUILD_TESTING "KRATOS_BUILD_TESTING defines if the C++ tests are compiled. These increase compilation time, but if not set only python tests can be executed. Default setting is ON" ON)
```

Reviewer 3: Typo.
